In the past, testing was often an afterthought after a product was done. Now, testing has become its own specialized area, and some people 
make whole careers out of it. There is much more you can learn about testing if this is an area of interest for you.

Dynamic testing involves actually running and operating the software or system 
for testing. Examples of static testing includes reviewing technical documentation and dry-runs, or manually moving through the code with pen-and-paper.

There are a variety of methods related to testing. Functional testing relates to testing individual commands, text input, menu functions, etc. User 
acceptance testing determines if the system satisfies the customer's needs. This is more common when a system or software is specifically designed 
for a specific client.

When we test different parts of a system or software, this also often includes inputting data to verify whether or not the system returns the 
expected output.

Alpha testing is where the software or system is being tested by developers and QA (quality assurance) professionals, and beta testing is closer to 
having it out in the wild. For example, if you are a developer for Apple's Final Cut Pro software, they may ask if you'd like one of the early
models that's still in testing.

In beta testing, the software system is available to the public (or a group consisting of the public) As this includes the actual public, this is the 
closest and most realistic testing data a company can get before the product is fully available. At this point, the product should be very stable, and 
 testing may be related to any unusual cases where the system or software may interact in an unexpected way.
print("""SOFTWARE TESTING NOTES

- MENU -
''''''''
Please choose on of the options below, and press enter.

1)Debugging
2)Software's Ways of testing
3)Types of testing
4)Dynamic Testing
5)Static Testing
6)Normal test data
7)At the limits test data
8)Extreme test data
9)Abnormal test data

""")

answer = "empty"

while (answer == "empty"): 
  userchoice = input()
  answer = "chosen"

  if(userchoice == "1"):
    print("The systematic process of correcting (and finding) bugs or errors in a program")
  elif(userchoice == "2"):
    print("Software testing can be done in two different ways - dynamic and static.")
  elif(userchoice == "3"):
    print("Dynamic testing involves actually running and operating the software or system for testing.")
  elif(userchoice == "4"):
    print("Examples of static testing includes reviewing technical documentation and dry-runs, or manually moving through the code with pen-and-paper.")
  elif(userchoice == "5"):
    print("Yes, schools should give more freedom on different subject and focus on individuals learning rather than group based guidelines that don't align with your learning style.")
  elif(userchoice == "6"):
    print("Yes, schools sho")
  elif(userchoice == "7"):
    print("Yes, schools sho")
  elif(userchoice == "8"):
    print("Yes, schools sho")
  elif(userchoice == "5"):
    print("Yes, schools sho")
  else:
    print("INVALID INPUT , please try again")
  answer = "empty"
